---
date: 2026-02-24
---

## Developer Logs

The data models and game logic documentation is in excellent shape.
The first database migration has been successfully applied.
Now it is time to start working on the game server.
I initially wanted to do the game server in Go, but I realized that I think Supabase Edge Functions are very appropriate and will likely be less effort to implement.
My plan is for edge functions to be triggered by database events.
The edge function processes the turn and inserts into the database.
The front-end is subscribed to these inserts with realtime and is notified of these changes.
So there is no direct communication between the server and the front end: all communication happens through the database, triggers, and real-time notifications.
I have no experience with supabase edge functions (but I'm generally familiar with the concepts, such as with AWS Lambda). 
I think I will need three different functions: One for starting a new game. One for processing the turn. And one to act as an simple bot opponent. 
I'm not sure if it would make sense to also have a controller edge function whose job it is to decide which other edge function to call.
My first priority is to decide on the architecture and set up the foundation, deploying empty functions, and making any other database and setting changes that are required.
After that is done, then I will work with my coding agent to apply the documented processing logic to these functions. This will be done methodically in small steps.

## Agent Logs
