---
date: 2026-03-06
---

## Developer Logs

We've made amazing progress with setting up the foundation for a game.
Tomorrow the focus is some fixes, refactoring, and polishing in the frontend.

I'm fairly worn out after a long day of work and just going to put down what's been floating around in my head:
* The ship icon class is not very clean. Code reduction needed. I have some ideas to make it better and I think it can be stateless.
* The routing is not working properly. I think it was for a brief moment and then probably got broken in In the recent massive push we did. I strongly suspect that from the lobby, the game room and profile widgets are both being pushed on incorrectly. I know there are two ways of doing it and I can't remember what they, are but one of them is the correct way for routing and the other one just pushes that component stack without routing to it. I'm pretty sure it's going to be doing the second way and I have to look into it.
* Also, i think i want to switch back to the default routing strategy with the hashtag. I had similar complaints to above for routing before, and in part of the changes my agents switched the the routing strategy but that wasn't the core problem and it wasn't necessary or what I really asked for. So I think I want to switch it back.
* There are some messages in the console when I run the app. I need to look into these. They are pasted at the bottom of my logs.
* I noticed some incorrect file naming and placements, incurring technical debt. For example, the Faction model was placed in the same file as the Player model for apparently no reason. I already fixed that one.
* I need to look into the game screen and decide how to break it up into widgets, leading to adding the actual gameplay, as the game screen performs many different functions and they can't all be kept in the same widget.
* one of those widgets is going to be the actual game board. 
* I'm considering making a dedicated riverpod provider for the game UI and having all these components be stateless.
* Maybe a kind of low priority, but the banner is sort of weird. I know, I asked for it. I need to do something better with that. I think i want a row of 9 ships across the top of the screen, but I'm not sure exactly how it's going to work. Another idea is maybe the sign in page could just have one big star city icon.
* oh yes, We need to add a column to the turn_events table. The column name will be... replay_step int. When replaying the turn, the UI will group moves of the same step together. First, place anchor tether moves, then bombard moves, then movement before battle, then battle, then movement after battle. the resolve turn function in the back end will add the replace step. In the replay tab of UI, there will be a button for each step, and when that step plays all moves of that step will happen, or be visible together on the board. The replay would cycle through these steps and the user would be able to click on a step to linger on what happens and on the board click on the individual events like battles or bombardments to see the ships that were involved and the relevant probabilities and so forth.

Continued
* I fixed the routing. it was use of context.push instead of context.go. I also changed the url path strategy back to the default.
* I remembered there is somewhere we will properly use context.push: for the create game button, instead of creating it right away, it should push a game setup screen with a form to change set the number of players (initially 4, range 2-4)
* I noticed that the bot player name might be duplicated in the game. Let's choose the bot player name from the unused names, and if there are no unused names call it "Vaal".
* There need to be links on the profile page and game room page going back to the lobby.
* There should a shared GameRules widget where the player can read the rules. I'd like the rules to be written in markdown with images of these ship icons. It should be accessible form the lobby and the game.  I think for now it should be pushed instead of being its own route. But, specifically for the lobby page, let's use a query parameter: rules. It shold be added when pushing rules from the lobby, and if the lobby is navigated to with this parameter, the rules should be pushed. 

```
Starting application from main method in: org-dartlang-app:/web_entrypoint.dart.
A message on the flutter/lifecycle channel was discarded before it could be handled.
This happens when a plugin sends messages to the framework side before the framework
has had an opportunity to register a listener. See the ChannelBuffers API
documentation for details on how to configure the channel to expect more messages, or
to expect messages to get discarded:
  https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/dart-ui/ChannelBuffers-class.html
A message on the flutter/lifecycle channel was discarded before it could be handled.
This happens when a plugin sends messages to the framework side before the framework
has had an opportunity to register a listener. See the ChannelBuffers API
documentation for details on how to configure the channel to expect more messages, or
to expect messages to get discarded:
  https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/dart-ui/ChannelBuffers-class.html
supabase.supabase_flutter: INFO: ***** Supabase init completed *****
```

## Agent Logs


